E2E: Describe BGP network topology (#1208)
metallb/metallb: e2etest/README.md

The test suite will run the appropriate tests against the cluster.
Be sure to cleanup any previously created development clusters using `inv dev-env-cleanup`.

## BGP tests network topology

> For BGP test suite, a couple of BGP peers are needed to verify test scenario. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test the multiple scenarios required for BGP, three different containers are required. The following
```

> diagram describe the networks, the pods and the containers involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
diagram describes the networks, the pods and the containers involved.
```

  │ │         │    │   │                       │                          │
  │ └─────────┘    │   │  ┌─────────────────┐  │       ┌────────────────┐ │
  │                │   │  │                 │  │       │                │ │
  │ ┌─────────┐    ├───┼──┤ ebgp-single-hop ├──┼───────┤ ibgp-multi-hop │ │
  │ │         │    │   │  │                 │  │       │                │ │
  │ │ Speaker │    │   │  └─────────────────┘  │       └────────────────┘ │
  │ │         ├────┘   │                       │                          │
  │ └─────────┘        │                       │       ┌────────────────┐ │
  │                    │                       │       │                │ │
  └────────────────────┼───────────────────────┘       │ ebgp-multi-hop │ │
                       │                               │                │ │
                       │       multi-hop-net           └────────────────┘ │
                       │       172.30.0.0/16                              │
                       │  fc00:f853:ccd:e798::/64                         │
                       └──────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> The above diagram is implemented in `bgptests.InfraSetup(...)`.

Reviewer: Not sure we want to add a link to the code, but mention the file.
